ENABLE STUDENT OF EACH SCHOOL TO GET ACCESS DOWNLOAD THE STUDY MATERIAL UPLOADED BY TEACHER ( IOS, ANDROID, WEBSITE)

**NOTES**
1. SYSTEM OF EACH SCHOOL IS DIFFERENT 
2. NO COSTING OF USERS COSTING FROM SCHOOL UPON THEIR USAGE (monthly costing will be provided)
3. If using android app, the costing will be higher.

There are 4 type of users
1. Super-admin (only principal)
2. Admin ( any number )
3. Teacher ( any number)
4. Student ( any number)

for teacher and student
-> login and signup url : http://localhost:4200/register-users

for admin
-> login and signup url : http://localhost:4200/admin-register

every user ( except principal ) needs to be verified before he/she can login
-> admin will verify student and teacher ( according to their name,id and role)
-> principal will verify admin ( according to their name,id and role)

admin: 
Role-{
1. verify teacher and student 
2. add subject for the school 
3. change password for each user request
}

task of teacher:
-after login they will choose the class and subject(subject added by admin is only options available). can choose only upto 3 class and subject 
-can access discussion of of there subject
-only one teacher can add the study material ( not our problem who will enter)
Role-{
1. add chapter to each subject he/she teacher
2. add study material to each chapter 
3. access the discussion of each subject 
}

task of student:
-after login they will choose their class and subject (only optional subject ) if subject is not optional they cannot choose
-can access discussion of their subject only
ROle-{
1. can access subject study material ( download or view depending upon plan )
2. can access the discussion page ( post )
}

-----------FOR ALL USER-------------
1. any user except admin forget password can request to change password from admin ( request of admin will be done by us )
2. 5 minutes inactivity session to be implemented 
3. SSO ( single sign on ) will be implemented meaning a single user can only ony login through a credential
4. Once rejected the user needs to resend their profile for verification within 48 hrs
5. trying to develop two apps ( one with video certainly of cost and another one with pdf or file upload lower cost)
6. All screens ( any user ) can be access only if user is login
7. User automatically logs out if he/she closes the tab



